What's wrong? Aren't you happy to see me?
Don't. What's wrong?
Why did you ask me to come in?
Why don't you go and be patient with your crush?
Didn’t you ask him to be with you tonight?
Going on a date? Asking him out?
In your eyes, is this the kind of person your husband is?
Then what do you say when he tells you about food?
Quiet you, my company does not want the Politburo.
Of course I should fire him, because he is my boss,
I don't care.
To promote Yiyu, what else do you want to ask?
certainly. When did you say,
Urban grandpa
Eating in front of us
Go sit with me, Xiaoxiao
I can't protect you
Still in the company now
When will the lady give me my name?
That way no one will harass me, okay?
We can’t make our relationship public yet
Otherwise, if I resign, I'll be without you.